A. Develop a fully responsive image and pdf compression tool in HTML with dynamic functionality.
The tool should allow users to select the compression level and optimize images accordingly.
Also, please make sure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance.
Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code.
allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization -- DeepSeek


Combine all code

Make the ui look good and responsive.

Please add a file drag and drop option, too

Create a homepage for my tools website. I will have lots of image and pdf tools. Please make the homepage responsive and the UI attractive.

add hyperlink

B. Develop a fully responsive PDF merger tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. The tool should allow users to select or drag and drop the files. Optimize the merged file, accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. --DeepSeek

C. Develop a fully responsive image converter tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. The tool should allow users to select the types of files and optimize the image accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. Please add a file drag-and-drop option, too. -- DeepSeek

D. Develop a currency converter tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. The tool should allow users to enter values and 20+ types of currency accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. Please add a file drag and drop option, too -- ChatGPT

E. Develop a fully responsive scientific calculator tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. The tool should allow users to use calculus of definite differentiations and definite integrations (using numerical integration - trapezoidal rule, etc) and optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. -- ChatGPT

F. Develop a fully responsive land area unit converter tool for west bengal, india ( include Hectare, Acre, Bigha, Katha, Gunta, Decimal(Shatak), Cent, Chatak, Square Mile, Square Yard, Square Feet, Square Inch, Square Meter, Square Centimeter etc, additionally include  1 decimal (satak) = 436 sft., 1 katha_WB = 720 Square feet, 1 bigha_WB = 20 katha_WB = 33 decimals, 1 acre = 100 decimals ) in HTML with dynamic functionality.  The tool should allow users to select different units and optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. --Deepseek

G. Develop a fully responsive SIP Calculator tool in both directions for HTML with dynamic functionality.  The tool should allow users to select daily, monthly, quarterly, yearly, and one-time lump-sum investments, show the total amount invested, and then optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly.
one-time lump-sum investment is not SIP. Please correct the calculation.
Testing failed..not giving any answer
--DeepSeek

H. Develop a fully responsive age calculator and date subtraction tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. Give output in Year Month Day Format. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Make the ui look good and responsive. Combine all codes into one. --DeepSeek

I. Develop a fully responsive all-popular social media and The Hindu and Anandnabazar patrika links tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. Add hyperlinks to the icons. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Make the ui look good and responsive. Combine all codes into one.
-- DeepSeek

J. Develop a fully responsive all-popular job portal in three subsections World Jobs, India Jobs, and Remote & Freelance Jobs. India jobs must include all of the following links https://www.employmentnews.gov.in/NewEmp/Home.aspx, https://facultytick.com/, curec, https://crenit.samarth.ac.in/index.php/site/landing-page, https://www.iiseradmission.in/, https://www.iitsystem.ac.in/facultyrecruitment, https://psc.wb.gov.in/, https://wbcsc.org.in/wbcsc/, https://ssc.nic.in/, https://upsc.gov.in/, https://www.india.gov.in/, DST, https://dae.gov.in/, MHRD, SERB, https://www.isro.gov.in/Careers.html, https://www.drdo.gov.in/drdo/careers, RRB recruitment news, World jobs jobs must include all of the following links https://www.linkedin.com/feed/, https://sg.indeed.com/, https://www.glassdoor.sg/index.htm, https://www.timeshighereducation.com/unijobs/listings/, https://www.higheredjobs.com/, https://academicpositions.com/, https://facultyvacancies.com/, https://www.nature.com/naturecareers/jobs/,  https://www.postdocjobs.com/, Remote and freelance jobs jobs must include all of the following links  https://www.upwork.com/, https://www.fiverr.com/, https://www.freelancer.com/, https://weworkremotely.com/, https://www.flexjobs.com/remote-jobs, https://www.truelancer.com/freelance-jobs, https://sg.jobstreet.com/, tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. Add reasonable photo icons from the relevant sites and hyperlinks to the icons. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Merge or combine all codes into one. Make the User interface look good, compact, and responsive.
Add background images or icons to each link and Combine all the codes into one and make the UI compact and colorful beautiful
--DeepSeek

K. Develop a fully responsive length, weight, temperature unit converter, and BMI calculator tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. Optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. Besides, Write the small, medium, large, Extra-large, and XX values for dress length. Write the healthy or unhealthy BMI Range, and add one-line suggestions on what to do.
--DeepSeek

L. Develop a fully responsive volume unit converter tool in HTML with dynamic functionality. Optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive. --DeepSeek

M. Develop a fully responsive career path selection tool for different branches. in next branching, show different lucrative Jobs, starting from class X to post PhD and all jobs in HTML with dynamic functionality. Optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the ui look good and responsive.
Combine all codes into one
Add more job opportunities, including average salaries and required selection processes in India and worldwide.
Defense jobs, Administration jobs, Clerical jobs, Teaching jobs, Political positions, pilot, air hostess, etc more specific job qualifications are missing
No jobs were found for the selected criteria. Please try another combination. -- this is not correct. many combinations which has jobs but missing here. please, add those and increase the capacity.
please restart from where it stopped.
please, add company names wherever available
No jobs were found for the selected criteria. Please try another combination. -- this is not correct. many combinations which has jobs but missing here. please, add those and increase the capacity.
restart from where it stopped.
Need thorough modification for branching - After class X branches are Science, Arts, and Commerce. Then after XII, science branches are hons in Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Computer Science,  Bioscience, pass courses, Engineering in IT, Electrical, Electronics, Mechanical, Civil, architecture, Chemical, Hydrology, then Management courses, After Bachelor please, add different previous branches, Then after Masters degree add previous all branches in each field. Similarly, add PhD and Post PhD possibilities.



N. Develop a fully responsive tool for 1. human personality type with traits (include extrovert, introvert, thinker, feeler, leader, strategist, ), character, (include friends, peers, toxic coworkers, bully, secret enemy, wicked) how do they form perspectives on others, 2. how to deal with them (following Art of seduction by Robert green or San Tzu's book or chanakya niti) in the corporate/political world using HTML with dynamic functionality.  The tool should allow users to select personality trait types, and then optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the UI look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly. --DeepSeek

O. Develop a fully responsive tool for 1. scopes of earning through the stock market (scalping, day trade, swing, long term, forex, crypto, derivatives (Option buy/sell)) with criteria, to earn a decent amount of money per month, on average, how much 2. money is required to invest 3. how much time is required to invest 4. required skills, 5. recommended courses, 6. successful person to follow in that work, for different types of works using HTML with dynamic functionality.  The tool should allow users to select types of work,  and then optimize answers accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the UI look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly.
Distinguish short-term and long-term transaction taxes and include. What happens if one is at a loss & does not file an ITR? Also, include the Psychology & strategy in each case.
include the transaction charges other than brokerage charges for each trade.
continue from where it stopped.
-- DeepSeek

P. Develop a fully responsive tool for daily trade Journaling for all types of elements equity, commodity, forex, crypto, derivatives (Option buy/sell)) for different types of trade, which should allow to attach a file or create a new editable Excel file, alert every day twice (at 9.00 AM every weekday and 7.30 PM every day), Allow the user to enter - the date, time, why is the day special, the name of the entity, type of the entity, number of entity, buy price, sell price, calculate profit, type of exit (hit target / hit SL), emotional state, followed Market, Trends, Risk-reward, Entry-exit, No overtrade, Done for the day, Save earned profit or not, and lessons, calculate total investment, total profit, brokerage and other charges and payable taxes. Let the user save his journal. Then optimize it accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the UI look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly.
please, combine all codes into one without back end etc but in workable condition with good UI
Allow the user to enter - the date, time, why is the day special, the name of the entity, type of the entity, number of entity, buy price, sell price, calculate profit, type of exit (hit target / hit SL), emotional state, followed Market, Trends, Risk-reward, Entry-exit, No overtrade, Done for the day, Save earned profit or not, and lessons, and save in excel fie
save botton and export to excel both not working
please, test and correct before delivering
save it into a downloadable excel file
Profit is not calculated. calculate it too
name the downloadable Excel file starting with the date.
please, add a clear button of the saved data.

Q. Develop a fully responsive iOS App for daily trade Journaling for all types of elements  - equity, commodity, forex, crypto, derivatives (Options and future) for different types of trade, Allow the user to enter - the date, time, why is the day special, the name of the entity, type of the entity, number of entity, buy price, sell price, calculate the profit, type of exit (hit target / hit SL), emotional state, followed Market, Trends, Risk-reward, Entry-exit, No overtrade, Done for the day, Save earned profit or not, and lessons, calculate total investment, total profit, brokerage, and other charges and payable taxes. The screen should be scrollable. Let the user save his journal. Then optimize it accordingly. Additionally, ensure the App is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Make the UI look good and responsive. name the downloadable Excel file starting with the date.
please, add a save, export and clear button of the saved data.
In the present code, buy and sell price, Investment and Profit are not calculated and shown, Taxes and charges are not visible. please, correct these. Take help from @Apple UI Design tips and improve the design. Use @Codespace for better coding and @Apple developer page for development. help me to paste in the xcode. -- Cursor, DeepSeek

R. Develop a fully responsive tool for human IQ calculator. The tool should ask users Questions and allow to answer accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the UI look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly.
Continue from where it stopped.
The prompt is not working please, correct.
Continue from where it stopped.
Test the code & Correct it.
Continue from where it stopped.
after clicking start button -- no question is coming into the display.
The test still not showing the first question immediately after clicking the start button -- correct it
That's right. now the user can not select answer... correct it
now it's correct. Increase, the number of questions and make it reliable IQ calculator.
Continue from where it stopped,
Thats correct. The figures or shapes are not shown in the question. please, show those with the question.
Last time it was showing everything correct except the figures were not showing in the questionnaire and now the code is not showing start button, initiating the question.
This code is correct. Increase the number of question to sufficient number for more reliability
This is again nor running.. idiot..correct it
Separately, Create code for more questions to increase the reliability of the IQ test to be included in the HTML code.
Separately, Create code all total 50 questions to increase the reliability of the IQ test to be included in the HTML code.
continue from where it stopped
continue from where it stopped


S. make a Bengali version of the questions
Its working, add rest of the questions.
Continue from where it stopped.
Continue from where it stopprd.


T. Develop a fully responsive tool for a Test on faults of common religions (Chistianity, Islam, Hindu, Jew, Sikhism, Buddhism, Jainism, Taoism). The tool should ask users Questions and allow to answer accordingly. Additionally, ensure the website is SEO optimized for better visibility and performance. Include designated spaces for advertisements and integrate Google AdSense ad code, allowing easy insertion of the AdSense ad unit ID for monetization. Combine all codes into one. Make the UI look good and responsive. check that it's giving output correctly.
Continue from where it stopped.




